fix: updated readme (#82)
open-rpc/examples: README.md

# examples

[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=open-rpc/examples)](https://dependabot.com)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/open-rpc/examples.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/open-rpc/examples)

This repo contains a collection of example OpenRPC service definition files. These definitions can be found in the `service-desciptions/` directory:

https://github.com/open-rpc/examples/tree/master/service-descriptions

## Getting Started

> 

Reviewer: we can also link to examples via `playground`

https://playground.open-rpc.org?schemaUrl=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-rpc/examples/master/service-descriptions/simple-math-openrpc.json

Author: oh hell yeah.

### Dependencies
- Install the [Generator Client](https://github.com/open-rpc/generator-client)

> This is tool will build a client when passing a service definition - including _these_ examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is separate tool will build a client when passing a service definition - using the examples found in `service-descriptions/`.
```
